docs/manual/scenes/Scenes.md, before:

 ## What are engine scenes?

 The ability to write configuration files scene is a feature of this small engine. Scenes serve for convenient description and editing of game levels
 from the list of ready-made and tested components. Game levels can be linked using different triggers.  
 If you are not familiar with the list of components, it is recommended to read their description in advance in the manual.  

 **Simple level example:**

    [BackGroundSprite]
    TEXTURE = background/dungeon_back.png

    [GravityEffect]
    X_ACCELERATION = 0
    Y_ACCELERATION = 0.65

    [Text]
    POSITION = 510:400
    ANGLE = 0
    STRING = Welcome!
    CHARACTER_SIZE = 50
    OUTLINE_COLOR = 255:0:0:255
    FILL_COLOR = 135:100:150:255
    LETTER_SPACING = 1
    LINE_SPACING = 1
    OUTLINE_THICKNESS = 2
    STYLE = Italic
    FONT = sansation.ttf

    [BasicPlayer]
    POSITION = 610:570
    SIZE = 30:30
    ANGLE = 0
    SPRITE_POSITION = 610:570
    SPRITE_SIZE = 30:30
    SPRITE_ANGLE = 0
    HEALTH_POINTS = 100
    SPEED = 0:0
    MOVE_SPEED = 5
    MAX_MOVE_SPEED = 20
    JUMP_SPEED = 20
    TEXTURE = mobs/player/mush.png
    KEYMAP = keys/keymap.ini
    COLLISION_ANALYSIS_STEP = 5

    [DullBlock_0]
    POSITION = 575:600
    SIZE = 100:100
    ANGLE = 0
    SPEED = 0:0
    ELASTIC_COEFFICIENT = 0.5
    FRICTION_COEFFICIENT = 0.85
    IS_FIXED = 1
    TEXTURE = structure/walls/stone/stone_wall_1.jpg
    COLLISION_ANALYSIS_STEP = 5

    [DullBlock_1]
    POSITION = 475:600
    SIZE = 100:100
    ANGLE = 0
    SPEED = 0:0
    ELASTIC_COEFFICIENT = 0.5
    FRICTION_COEFFICIENT = 0.85
    IS_FIXED = 1
    TEXTURE = structure/walls/stone/stone_wall_2.jpg
    COLLISION_ANALYSIS_STEP = 5

    [DullBlock_2]
    POSITION = 675:600
    SIZE = 100:100
    ANGLE = 0
    SPEED = 0:0
    ELASTIC_COEFFICIENT = 0.5
    FRICTION_COEFFICIENT = 0.85
    IS_FIXED = 1
    TEXTURE = structure/walls/stone/stone_wall_3.jpg
    COLLISION_ANALYSIS_STEP = 5

Commit message:

Directives description added to manual.

docs/manual/scenes/Scenes.md, after:

 ## What are engine scenes?

 The ability to write configuration files scene is a feature of this small engine. Scenes serve for convenient description and editing of game levels
 from the list of ready-made and tested components. Also, when describing a scene before the first configuration block of an object, 
 you can prescribe directives that will affect the display globally. You can find a description of all directives - [here](Directives.md).  
 If you are not familiar with the list of components, it is recommended to read their description in advance in the manual.  

 **Simple level example:**

    [BackGroundSprite]
    TEXTURE = background/dungeon_back.png

    [GravityEffect]
    X_ACCELERATION = 0
    Y_ACCELERATION = 0.65

    [Text]
    POSITION = 510:400
    ANGLE = 0
    STRING = Welcome!
    CHARACTER_SIZE = 50
    OUTLINE_COLOR = 255:0:0:255
    FILL_COLOR = 135:100:150:255
    LETTER_SPACING = 1
    LINE_SPACING = 1
    OUTLINE_THICKNESS = 2
    STYLE = Italic
    FONT = sansation.ttf

    [BasicPlayer]
    POSITION = 610:570
    SIZE = 30:30
    ANGLE = 0
    SPRITE_POSITION = 610:570
    SPRITE_SIZE = 30:30
    SPRITE_ANGLE = 0
    HEALTH_POINTS = 100
    SPEED = 0:0
    MOVE_SPEED = 5
    MAX_MOVE_SPEED = 20
    JUMP_SPEED = 20
    TEXTURE = mobs/player/mush.png
    KEYMAP = keys/keymap.ini
    COLLISION_ANALYSIS_STEP = 5

    [DullBlock_0]
    POSITION = 575:600
    SIZE = 100:100
    ANGLE = 0
    SPEED = 0:0
    ELASTIC_COEFFICIENT = 0.5
    FRICTION_COEFFICIENT = 0.85
    IS_FIXED = 1
    TEXTURE = structure/walls/stone/stone_wall_1.jpg
    COLLISION_ANALYSIS_STEP = 5

    [DullBlock_1]
    POSITION = 475:600
    SIZE = 100:100
    ANGLE = 0
    SPEED = 0:0
    ELASTIC_COEFFICIENT = 0.5
    FRICTION_COEFFICIENT = 0.85
    IS_FIXED = 1
    TEXTURE = structure/walls/stone/stone_wall_2.jpg
    COLLISION_ANALYSIS_STEP = 5

    [DullBlock_2]
    POSITION = 675:600
    SIZE = 100:100
    ANGLE = 0
    SPEED = 0:0
    ELASTIC_COEFFICIENT = 0.5
    FRICTION_COEFFICIENT = 0.85
    IS_FIXED = 1
    TEXTURE = structure/walls/stone/stone_wall_3.jpg
    COLLISION_ANALYSIS_STEP = 5
